Section Notes
What is the Internet?
	It is the infrastructure that carries services like email, the web, files sharing, gaming, streaming services, etc.
	It is a global network of connected devices (desktops, Laptops, Game consoles, Refridgerators, etc)
	The Internet = global network of interconnected computers that communicate via TCP/IP. It is a network of networks.
How do these computers communicate?
	- Computers have IP addresses on subnets, and routers connect different networks together,
	- The Internet is a global network of networks... Routing protocols help form this network of networks.
	
The Web
The Web (World Wide Web) is an information system where documents and other resources are available over the Internet. 
Documents are transferred via HTTP. 
HTTP is a protocol that dictates how communication over the Web works.
	- When you type in a URL on your browser, you're generating a REQUEST, asking for the resource at that URL/server
	- Your browser receives a RESPONSE from the web server and displays it as a website. 
	- Web Servers satisfy web requests - can receive REQUESTS and send RESPONSES...
	Note: Client = the machine making a request to the server. 

The HTTP Request/Response Cycle
- Once a REQUEST is sent to a web server, the server responds with instructions (with code) that the browser understands and then renders for human eyes. 
- Page source = page content/instructions that the browser receives from the server. The browser renders the source code into viewable content. Source code = HTML, CSS, & Js

Frontend vs Backend Development
Frontend - focuses on code that runs in the browser -> HTML, CSS, Js = frontend code
Backend - server-side work done to construct HTTP RESPONSE messages to the Client. Focus is on the server -> Java, C#, Ruby, etc = backend code

What do HTML, CSS, and Js do?
These three technologies are the only language the browser understands.
HTML - describes page content.
CSS - helps define/describe HTML elements, and style the page
JS - makes page content actually responsive/interactive. Js is essential for adding functionality to web apps. 
